Spring 5 API Quickstart article (#7973)
auth0/docs: articles/quickstart/backend/java-spring-security/01-authorization.md

useCase: quickstart
---

:::note
This Quickstart demonstrates securing an API using **Spring Boot 1** and **Spring Security 4**.

> See the [Spring Security 5 API Quickstart](http://localhost:3000/docs/quickstart/backend/java-spring-security5) to learn how to secure with Auth0 using Spring Boot 2 and Spring Security 5.

Reviewer: Consider:

```suggestion
See the [Spring Security 5 API Quickstart](http://localhost:3000/docs/quickstart/backend/java-spring-security5) to learn how use Auth0 to secure an API built using Spring Boot 2 and Spring Security 5.
```

Author: I agree, will update (and also remove `localhost` from URL :wink:

Author: New commit to address.
